Update Maven Central docs to point to CGP instead (#893)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/user-documentation/moderne-cli/how-to-guides/cli-wrapper.md

| What                                 | Source                                    | When                                                |
|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|

> | CLI distribution (JAR + JRE)         | Moderne's distribution repository         | On first run or version change                      |

Reviewer: I think we want to be explicit here, right?

```suggestion
| CLI distribution (JAR + JRE)         | Code Genome Project         | On first run or version change                      |
```
